Hotline League is brought to you by
opened by HP kind of like wait what's
the what's the Austrian wanna movie
where they're all writing cart Mad Max
that's what twist shadows we have Nick
Allen on the show the n-bomb Nick hello
Nick Allen where you calling from uh
Arcadia California it's beautiful nice
time here nice to have you on the show
what did you want to talk about yes so I
had I had two questions
okay so prolly this question is for you
as people know that you were once a pro
player playing for such teams as team
Legion and complexity black if I'm not
not mistaken and so my question my
question is at what point in your career
did you realize that you couldn't cut it
as a pro player and needed to become a
bonus oh my gosh
first I hate you second of all there's
really never a turning point actually
and when I started coaching h2k when
they're in Challenger like a part of me
was like I hope I just go back to
playing pro and it just never happened
so I was like yeah I guess I'll just
this coaching thing it's working out so
there's never a turning point I'm still
waiting for a team to pick me up so I
can play mid lane again but everyone's
sleeping on me do you think I was
interviewed the fact that there's no
good coaches but there's plenty of good
mid laners that's probably a big factor
because like yeah
coaches are just like what do they do we
don't know own a shot wants to steal
your shine again he's in twitch chat and
yes how do I call in I still have one
more question
Renea he can hit up the discord and
message mark and we can figure out you
know if it can work but Nick Alan
continue so for my second question so
you played when you were a professional
player with such players as lauda mortis
and I knew bish
I think most people would not know this
is like at this point it's like six
years ago it's like five years ago
this first LCS season yes so this is a
completely selfish question which is
like do you stay in touch with these
guys do you know what they're up to and
are you looking to make some roster
changes thank your husband James seog
for a 5 year old retired players what
they're up to and then sort of spin off
from that question which is like what do
you think all these old players would
think of the ecosystem now which is like
much more sophisticated in advance so
the only one that I still keep in touch
with this I noobish and it's because we
were playing like destiny together it
doesn't need to and by the way that game
really they really fucked that game up
by the way I'm pretty upset about that
I'm waiting for my platform where I can
talk about how upset I am with Bungie
for messing up destiny to wait because
that B talks about the chainsmokers all
the time so you're definitely good to
talk about 20 minutes okay so yeah so I
play with him but yep back in the back
from that crew I still don't talk to
anyone else from them and how they would
react to the ecosystem now or what their
opinion of it would be I don't know it's
like completely different like we kind
of screamed back then but it was never
serious and there's never like a
coaching staff and you prepared pick/ban
like as a joke you know we were just
like let's kick this champion it's good
right yeah okay like there's very little
strategy like you don't research you
don't research teams back then so I
don't know back then there's just like
the work you put in was just like as
much as you want it like you wanted to
play so look you great other than that's
like you didn't do research or prep or
like actual analysis or strategy so it's
like we did like 10% of what we do now
back then so it'd probably be
overwhelming maybe
kind of following along with that
question I have a theory that the LCS is
entertainment value started dropping a
lot when Cooper's bloopers was no longer
a thing how much how much do you think
that's like we need just another player
cuz like they had in the NBA they have
like that javale mcgee shaqtin a fool
thing and sense troopers bloopers I
don't know what we have anymore
huh did Chris actually that really made
him upset oh dude yeah he actually
really didn't like that so we like
teased him about it all the time
because they're really funny like the
troopers bloopers are hilarious like if
you haven't seen we should go look at
him because wasn't there lightly
throwing the spear in the wrong
direction or something they were
obviously the sane Lee crazy yeah portes
like it's like literally like flash
range of himself and stuff he just does
he just did really funny mechanical
mistakes and he's like such a really
like super nice guy that like teasing
him about it like made it more fun about
it or anything he's too nice so you just
you just want to tease him more about it
to like try to get a rise out of himself
do you all right if we brought back you
purse bloopers on the countdown because
I want to I want way to talk about that
Poe belt or teleport that happened in
there Oh see that was like yeah the
pobelter one is like I guess it was
pretty bad it's prime Cooper blooper
there's like its prime it's brick the
like out of the TF port one is like I
feel like so simplistic like everyone
can see it the rise all one I feel like
some people like wait why is this bad or
like what could they've done with the
like TF port that super did that's my
favorite troopers bloopers like everyone
that plays the game knows like there's
like no opinions are like anything you
can't defend it it's so good the also
hit streak in the chat a little bit ago
said he wanted to talk to here well
unless is good since Mark arason so Nick
is sending us down memory lane about
complexity black and their favorite game
Infinite Crisis great if a crisis a
great game hey I still have the MVP from
e3 when I played over there was that the
best you've ever been at a game was that
your
your highness a commission she has
someone was like I'm gonna be feels like
me I'm so excited so scientists say that
you realize you should move to coach a
good League of Legends when you're you
were getting MVP for if it's like
Infinite Crisis made probably who he is
as a coach it's like the sobering moment
where he's like I need to do something
better with my time
no there was no moment in my life where
I was like I'm bad at this game I still
don't believe that you know so with
nothing ever woke me up
can you tell me a little bit about how
your time and Infinite Crisis was like
the the crucial thing in getting first
place yesterday in the NA LCS leading
the team thing go out you're try figure
out how to explain it so over there
during that time we actually okay let's
see we spent time figuring out the game
mechanics of a brand new game so we got
better at critically thinking and
solving issues so that led us to
succeeding this split with those
critical thinking skills we developed
this just got this got too serious for
me that's that's like obscure I can you
you can say that about anything though
it's like man I took L algebra and yeah
in high school and that really gave me
the skills I needed Nick do you have any
other questions for probably no that was
it for me think so only if you have any
questions for Nick it's a great show
yeah why don't why don't you like ever
say hi to me anymore bro we were never
friends that's I'm gonna go okay thank
you so much oh he's gone okay thank you
so much Nick Allen for your question
always adding insight and intrigue to
the show yeah as we move on
we got soaring beef who's resold for
three months Ferdie IRL subbed KW salt
so I've been said nadeshot my boy also
thanks for making all the content Travis
H I was in the chat he could come on one
is he is he I don't know he said then he
said that he was gonna go take care of
his dad so I don't know
dirty skis I think he was just looking
for that rush that he gets from twitch
at responding to his name dirty so he
was coming to steal the shine yeah from
prolly yeah that guy dirty skis has
recept
and PD boy has so just now thank you in
30 skis so much to all of our subs we
might actually hit for her over at 411
sub-points we didn't actually hit 450
which is the the highest I've ever gone
next up on the show we got ice who is
calling an ice where you calling from
I'm calling in from Denver Colorado
Denver nice I the Sunshine State ice
what do you want to talk about on the
show I wanted to talk about how I don't
think 100 thieves are gonna make the
finals okay